Expand Examples to include curated list of SA demos (#331)
temporalio/temporal-learning: docs/examples/index.md

* [Background Check Application in Go](go/background-checks/index.md)
* [Order Management System in Go](https://github.com/temporalio/reference-app-orders-go)

> # Example Applications

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Example applications
```

## Use cases
* **Order Fulfillment** [[TypeScript]](https://github.com/temporal-sa/temporal-order-fulfill-demo) A Temporal workflow for a sample e-commerce order fulfillment use case. This demo showcases Temporal's powerful durability and interactive capabilities. See companion [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dNVmRfWsNkM).
* **Money Transfer** [[Java]](https://github.com/temporal-sa/temporal-money-transfer-java) [[TypeScript]](https://github.com/temporal-sa/temporal-money-transfer-typescript) demonstrates core value propositions of Temporal. A custom UI allows users to choose from a number of simulated failure scenarios and use of Temporal primitives such as signals and schedules.
* **Orchestrate Lambda Functions** [[TypeScript]](https://github.com/temporal-sa/temporal-orchestrate-lambda-functions) A Temporal version of the [AWS Step Functions: Lambda orchestration example](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/step-functions/latest/dg/sample-lambda-orchestration.html) which uses Lambda functions to check a stock price and determine a buy or sell trading recommendation.

> ## Design Patterns

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Design patterns
```

> * **Entity Workflow Demo** [[Go]](https://github.com/temporal-sa/temporal-entity-lifecycle-go) The purpose of this demo is to illustrate some of the interesting properties of the Entity Lifecycle Pattern (aka Entity Workflows). See companion slide deck on [Long-running workflows](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1A2dz4lFiIFz4c_7QlOpahbvesbBY8Y6y65zRrkVgqYE/edit?usp=sharing).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Entity Workflow demo** [[Go]](https://github.com/temporal-sa/temporal-entity-lifecycle-go) The purpose of this demo is to illustrate some of the interesting properties of the Entity Lifecycle Pattern (aka Entity Workflows). See companion slide deck on [Long-running workflows](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1A2dz4lFiIFz4c_7QlOpahbvesbBY8Y6y65zRrkVgqYE/edit?usp=sharing).
```

> * **Order Saga Sample** [[Java]](https://github.com/temporal-sa/temporal-order-saga) Demonstrates Temporal's enhanced support for the Saga pattern, supporting recovery from failed transactions. See companion [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uHDQMfOMFD4).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Order Saga sample** [[Java]](https://github.com/temporal-sa/temporal-order-saga) Demonstrates Temporal's enhanced support for the Saga pattern, supporting recovery from failed transactions. See this  [companion video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uHDQMfOMFD4) to see a demonstration of the example.
```

> ## Data Encryption

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Data encryption
```

> See the [Temporal Platform Feature Guide](https://docs.temporal.io/production-deployment/data-encryption) for more information on the purpose of Temporal Codec Servers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [Codec Server documentation](https://docs.temporal.io/production-deployment/data-encryption) for more information.
```

Author: Tagging in @steveandroulakis on this one, since it was you who added that link + description I believe. Are you cool with this re-wording?

Reviewer 2: Thanks @napcs your wording is way clearer and should be adopted.

> * **Codec Server with JWT Validation** [[TypeScript]](https://github.com/temporal-sa/temporal-codec-server) The codec server uses JSON Web Tokens (JWT) to confirm the authenticity of JWTs issued by Temporal Cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Codec Server with JWT validation** [[TypeScript]](https://github.com/temporal-sa/temporal-codec-server) The codec server uses JSON Web Tokens (JWT) to confirm the authenticity of JWTs issued by Temporal Cloud.
```

> * **Codec CORS Credentials** [[Go]](https://github.com/temporal-sa/codec-cors-credentials) An implementation of a Temporal [Codec Server](https://docs.temporal.io/dataconversion#codec-server) that supports Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS), and specifically CORS Requests with credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Codec CORS credentials** [[Go]](https://github.com/temporal-sa/codec-cors-credentials) An implementation of a Temporal [Codec Server](https://docs.temporal.io/dataconversion#codec-server) that supports Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS), and specifically CORS requests with credentials.
```
